SK contract Royalty Options
1. Create NFT on SK marketplace / Create Partner API NFT collection using SK Contract 
   i. Toggle OFF (default) to allow for nft to be placed on any nft marketpalce 
   which has no royalty / or optional royalty policy
   ii. Toggle ON to only allow for nft to be executed on nft marketplaces 
   which allows for nft royalties ie NFT can be onboarded onto magic eden, 
   if upon transaction, the buyer chooses optional to pay for royalties, 
   than the sale will execute, but if the buyer chooses not to do so, then the nft sale won't execute 

SK contract conditions
1. must set fixed royalty amount from the beginning before one NFT item has been sold
2. can reduce % of original royalty set- but never increase based on original % set for royalty
3. max 25% royalties accepted for SK contract

Importing external NFT contract to SK
1. max royalty accepted on SK 25%
2. can reduce % royalty to less than contract set original royalty % anytime
I would like for you to consider this for royalty
does anyone have knowledge with how royalties work on other nft marketplaces
my understanding is the contract enables royalties
and then the nft marketplace is where you set royalties for secondary
it doesn't automatically happen - as the nft marketplace is set at 0% - only when you important contract - then you adjust royalties on collection

Speaking to one of the partner devs
He said that on some nft marketplaces - the royalty set on the contract is automatically applied - 
so they can adjust directly on the contract ie rarible
But on opensea - you need to do it manually on opensea nft marketplace.
https://opensea.io/collection/xoomojis
- for example dev set 4.5% on the nft contract - but needed to go onto opensea and set it to 4.5%
Yep. You can read it in the contract. It's verified. The value is set to 450 because decimals make solidity freak out.
I actually haven't tried setting it to any other value on opensea. I set it to 4.5% to keep everything consistent.
Not sure what would happen if I change the value. The way opensea works may override it because the eip2981 isn't automatically enforced. As far as I know it just exists to inform marketplaces.
I'm pretty sure marketplaces do not have to obey the standard.

